[DOCS] Update CCR docs to focus on Kibana (#60555)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ccr/index.asciidoc

[testenv="platinum"]
[[xpack-ccr]]
== {ccr-cap}
With {ccr}, you can enable several <<ccr-use-cases,use cases>> within the
Elastic Stack.

You can replicate indices across clusters to:

* Continue handling search requests in the event of a datacenter outage
* Prevent search volume from impacting indexing throughput
* Reduce search latency by processing search requests in geo-proximity to the
user

{ccr-cap} uses an active-passive model. You index to a _leader_ index, and the
data is replicated to one or more read-only _follower_ indices. Before you can add a follower index to a cluster, you must configure the _remote cluster_ that contains the leader index.

When the leader index receives writes, the follower indices pull changes from
the leader index on the remote cluster. You can manually create follower
indices, or configure auto-follow patterns to automatically create follower

> indices for new time series.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
indices for new time series indices.
```

Although you <<ccr-getting-started,set up {ccr}>> at the index level, {es}
achieves replication at the shard level. When a follower index is created,
each shard in that index pulls changes form its corresponding shard in the
leader index, which means that a follower index has the same number of
shards as its leader index. All operations are replicated by the follower, so that operations to create, update, or delete a document are replicated.
These requests can be served from any copy of the leader shard (primary or
replica).

When a follower shard sends a read request, the leader shard responds with
any new operations, limited by the read parameters that you establish when
configuring the follower index. If no new operations are available, the
leader shard waits up to the configured timeout for new operations. If the
timeout elapses, the leader shard responds to the follower shard that there
are no new operations. The follower shard updates shard statistics and
immediately sends another read request to the leader shard. This
communication model ensures that network connections between the remote
cluster and the local cluster are continually in use, avoiding forceful

> termination from an external sources such as a firewall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
termination by an external source such as a firewall.
```

follower shard pauses
<<ccr-pause-replication,until you resume it>>.

When a follower shard receives operations from the leader shard, it places
those operations in a write buffer. The follower shard uses the write buffer
to submit bulk write requests within the shard. If the write buffer exceeds
its configured limits, no additional read requests are sent. This configuration
provides a back-pressure against read requests, allowing the follower shard
to resume sending read requests when the write buffer is no longer full.

To manage how operations are replicated from the leader index, you can
configure settings when
<<ccr-getting-started-follower-index,creating the follower index>>.

The follower index automatically retrieves some updates applied to the leader
index, while other updates are retrieved as needed:

[cols="3"]
|===
h| Update type h| Automatic  h| As needed
| Alias        | {yes-icon} | {no-icon}
| Mapping      | {no-icon}  | {yes-icon}
| Settings     | {no-icon}  | {yes-icon}
|===

For example, changing the number of replicas on the leader index is not
replicated by the follower index, so that setting might not be retrieved.

> NOTE: You cannot manually modify the mapping or alias of a follower index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: You cannot manually modify a follower index's mappings or aliases.
```

the current state of the leader index, even if a complete history of changes
is not available on the leader due to Lucene segment merging.

Remote recovery is a network intensive process that transfers all of the Lucene
segment files from the leader cluster to the follower cluster. The follower
requests that a recovery session be initiated on the primary shard in the
leader cluster. The follower then requests file chunks concurrently from the
leader. By default, the process concurrently requests five 1MB file
chunks. This default behavior is designed to support leader and follower
clusters with high network latency between them.

TIP: You can modify dynamic <<ccr-recovery-settings,remote recovery settings>>
to rate-limit the transmitted data and manage the resources consumed by remote
recoveries.

Use the <<cat-recovery,recovery API>> on the cluster containing the follower
index to obtain information about an in-progress remote recovery. Because {es}
implements remote recoveries using the
<<snapshot-restore,snapshot and restore>> infrastructure, running remote
recoveries are labelled as type `snapshot` in the recovery API.

[discrete]
[[ccr-leader-requirements]]

> === Requirements for leader indices

Author: Agreed -- it's good to provide a link for how users can configure this setting. I moved the history retention settings to the [Index modules](https://elasticsearch_60555.docs-preview.app.elstc.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/master/index-modules.html#_static_index_settings) settings page, and then included them in the History retention page to single source the content. 

I think that this addition (with a link on the `index.soft_deletes.retention_lease.period` setting) provides more context:

>The `index.soft_deletes.retention_lease.period` setting defines the maximum time to retain a shard history retention lease before it is considered expired. This setting determines how long the cluster containing your leader index can be offline, which is 12 hours by default. If a shard copy recovers after its retention lease expires, then {es} will fall back to copying the entire index, because it can no longer replay the missing history.

network is inefficient. In this configuration, you replicate data from many
smaller clusters to the centralized reporting cluster.

For example, a large global bank might have 100 {es} clusters around the world
that are distributed across different regions for each bank branch. Using
{ccr}, the bank can replicate events from all 100 banks to a central cluster to
analyze and aggregate events locally for reporting. Rather than maintaining a
mirrored cluster, the bank can use {ccr} to replicate specific indices.

In the following diagram, data from three datacenters in different regions is
replicated to a centralized reporting cluster. This configuration enables you
to copy data from regional hubs to a central cluster, where you can run all
reports locally.

image::images/ccr-arch-central-reporting.png[Three clusters in different regions sending data to a centralized reporting cluster for analysis]

[discrete]
[[ccr-replication-mechanics]]
=== Replication mechanics
Although you <<ccr-getting-started,set up {ccr}>> at the index level, {es}
achieves replication at the shard level. When a follower index is created,

> each shard in that index pulls changes form its corresponding shard in the

Reviewer 2: form -> from?

leader index, which means that a follower index has the same number of

> shards as its leader index. All operations are replicated by the follower, so that operations to create, update, or delete a document are replicated.

Reviewer 2: > All operations are replicated by the follower, so that operations to create, update, or delete a document are replicated.`

I am confused about this.

Author: @dnhatn, that sentence is confusing. How about this version instead?
>All operations on the leader are replicated by the follower, such as operations to create, update, or delete a document.

Reviewer 2: Should it be "replicated **to** the follower" instead of "replicated **by** the follower"?

Author: Hmm 🤔 Isn't the follower index the one that is doing the replicating? 

I could go either way on this one if you feel more strongly about the revised text, or feel that it is more accurate.

Reviewer 2: I am fine with the current.

replica).

When a follower shard sends a read request, the leader shard responds with
any new operations, limited by the read parameters that you establish when
configuring the follower index. If no new operations are available, the
leader shard waits up to the configured timeout for new operations. If the
timeout elapses, the leader shard responds to the follower shard that there
are no new operations. The follower shard updates shard statistics and
immediately sends another read request to the leader shard. This
communication model ensures that network connections between the remote
cluster and the local cluster are continually in use, avoiding forceful
termination by an external source such as a firewall.

If a read request fails, the cause of the failure is inspected. If the
cause of the failure is deemed to be recoverable (such as a network
failure), the follower shard enters into a retry loop. Otherwise, the
follower shard pauses
<<ccr-pause-replication,until you resume it>>.

When a follower shard receives operations from the leader shard, it places
those operations in a write buffer. The follower shard uses the write buffer

> to submit bulk write requests within the shard. If the write buffer exceeds

Reviewer 2: > The follower shard uses the write buffer to submit bulk write requests within the shard

I think we need to adjust this sentence. The follower shard submits bulk write requests using operations from the write buffer.

Author: Changed to read:
>The follower shard submits bulk write requests using operations from the write buffer.

information about an in-progress remote recovery. Because {es} implements
remote recoveries using the <<snapshot-restore,snapshot and restore>>
infrastructure, running remote recoveries are labelled as type
`snapshot` in the recovery API.

[discrete]
[[ccr-leader-requirements]]
=== Requirements for leader indices
{ccr-cap} works by replaying the history of individual write
operations that were performed on the shards of the leader index. The history
of these operations needs to be retained on the leader shards
so that they can be pulled by the follower shard tasks. The underlying
mechanism used to retain these operations is _soft deletes_.

A soft delete occurs whenever an existing document is deleted or updated. By
retaining these soft deletes up to configurable limits, the history of
operations can be retained on the leader shards and made available to the
follower shard tasks as it replays the history of operations.

Soft deletes must be enabled for indices that you want to use as leader
indices. Soft deletes are enabled by default on new indices created on
or after {es} 7.0.0.

// tag::ccr-existing-indices-tag[]

> IMPORTANT: {ccr-cap} cannot be used on existing indices. If you have

Reviewer: This feels like a point-in-time statement that's a little misleading now--would be good to verify. Can you set up CCR for an existing index that does have soft deletes enabled?

Author: Verified with @dnhatn that this statement should read:
>IMPORTANT: Cross-cluster replication cannot be used on existing indices created using Elasticsearch
7.0.0 or earlier, where soft deletes are disabled. You must reindex your data into a new index with soft deletes enabled.
